https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioMpOr7Yx98	 Madeleine Albright: On being a woman and a diplomat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXbhTHaMwTw	 Thomas Heatherwick: Building the Seed Cathedral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fumsXEuiLyk	 The magic of truth and lies (and iPods) | Marco Tempest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE4ce4mexrU	 Deb Roy: The birth of a word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVAaZVz9pDs	 Mark Roth: Suspended animation is within our grasp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAA8mMQi0is	 Alwar Balasubramaniam: Art of substance and absence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oD06XPtmLZY	 Jacqueline Novogratz on an escape from poverty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZ8eyWBQmfU	 Marco Tempest: The augmented reality of techno-magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HALd9FY5-VQ	 Lewis Pugh swims the North Pole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SfRgg9botI	 Anthony Atala: Growing new organs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0uG8YF_NiM	 Jackson Browne: "If I Could Be Anywhere"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5otGNbkuc	 Optical illusions show how we see | Beau Lotto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXKNA_vfHWs	 Courtney Martin: Reinventing feminism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2OQxHNVLNY	 Dennis Hong: Making a car for blind drivers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mLeSPk3ddE	 Katherine Fulton: You are the future of philanthropy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2sT9KoII_M	 Fly with the Jetman | Yves Rossy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2_0V1DeDa4	 Carolyn Porco: Could a Saturn moon harbor life?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-D-zEToJQ4	 Demo: Stunning data visualization in the AlloSphere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mNgNV533nk	 Rob Forbes: Ways of seeing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cU56SWXHFw	 James Geary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_NEIwDiCSw	 Marc Pachter: The art of the interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mQJYte4T2Q	 Renny Gleeson: Busted! The sneaky moves of antisocial smartphone users
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXl-mKZ7aSc	 Loretta Napoleoni: The intricate economics of terrorism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROgFmb3oTLo	 Shereen El Feki: Pop culture in the Arab world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvZZU_WapH8	 TEDActive: What the world needs now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6X_IhgJLzA	 Maya Beiser(s) and her cello(s)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLU7qcMYKO8	 Joel Levine: Why we need to go back to Mars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7K-nq0xkWY	 Captain Charles Moore on the seas of plastic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFSNR8t5KdY	 Eric Lewis: Striking chords to rock the jazz world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoF4FHCbHwU	 John Kasaona: How poachers became caretakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImQrUjlyHUg	 Mark Pagel: How language transformed humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Z-vyLHi2us	 Our natural sleep cycle | Jessa Gamble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uOIa3Ag_WY	 The Ahn Trio: A modern take on piano
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNPsDky1z94	 Allan Jones: A map of the brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5vZHuAtDZA	 Krista Tippett: Reconnecting with compassion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkZtRzc9rFQ	 The technology of storytelling | Joe Sabia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fZ4XOnnh1c	 Annie Lennox: Why I am an HIV/AIDS activist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPLGuwXomYQ	 Garik Israelian: What's inside a star?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AYE3w5TWHs	 Bjarke Ingels: 3 warp-speed architecture tales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMYVH-hBGWg	 Ray Kurzweil: A university for the coming singularity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjPtuhEJQb4	 "(Nothing But) Flowers" | David Byrne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBJQENjZJaA	 Sendhil Mullainathan: Solving social problems with a nudge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMJgZ4s2E3w	 The demise of guys? | Philip Zimbardo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7CtKDNf2RI	 Ellen Gustafson: Obesity + hunger = 1 global food issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtSE4rglxbY	 A kinder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zT7iKmfrCU	 Tom Shannon's gravity-defying sculpture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNDWYW4yWEM	 Charles Anderson discovers dragonflies that cross oceans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaY_6muHSSI	 Finding planets around other stars | Lucianne Walkowicz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHwXlcHcTHc	 Stuart Brown: Play is more than fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZoKfap4g4w	 The magic washing machine | Hans Rosling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhvfOlPYifY	 A garden in my apartment | Britta Riley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO1Me-MY-Q0	 Misha Glenny investigates global crime networks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23Uuehgmd14	 Ali Carr-Chellman: Gaming to re-engage boys in learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sucza6EOIf0	 One woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooUqOwh-2LE	 The shared experience of absurdity | Charlie Todd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLGhrEHOjfs	 Robert Gupta and Joshua Roman duet on "Passacaglia"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dE1DuBesGYM	 Gaming can make a better world | Jane McGonigal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJttdkKo4nM	 Kary Mullis' next-gen cure for killer infection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KElS5nZD5yc	 LEGO for grownups | Hillel Cooperman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsjV1gjBMbQ	 Evan Grant: Making sound visible through cymatics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpiZTvlWx2g	 Malcolm Gladwell: The strange tale of the Norden bombsight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IgOVOPLTYI	 Sam Richards: A radical experiment in empathy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufJ7sOtuFd0	 Barbara Block: Tagging tuna in the deep ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8w4UQL6aI0	 Daniel Libeskind's 17 words of architectural inspiration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qu7ZpWecIS8	 Clay Shirky: How cognitive surplus will change the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwOd20Mv0hM	 Anil Ananthaswamy: What it takes to do extreme astrophysics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIgzTLDyObo	 Matthew Childs' 9 life lessons from rock climbing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c0VtOdibcI	 Morgan Spurlock: The greatest TED Talk ever sold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6YTQJVzwlI	 Pointing to the future of UI | John Underkoffler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1dm_mBo81o	 Vishal Vaid's hypnotic song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMXFiYhm79g	 Damon Horowitz: Philosophy in prison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whjLZogf9e0	 George Whitesides: Toward a science of simplicity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_San-YZDT4	 Nina Tandon: Caring for engineered tissue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzP_kIXsuvA	 Playing the Cape Breton fiddle | Natalie MacMaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PAy1zBtTbw	 Use art to turn the world inside out | JR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYwAMccbhYs	 Julia Bacha: Pay attention to nonviolence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpROaNue9GM	 Shea Hembrey: How I became 100 artists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUM2rCIUdeI	 Kevin Bales: How to combat modern slavery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXMJobWlXks	 Magnus Larsson: Turning dunes into architecture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlyorcJ28UA	 Rachel Pike: The science behind a climate headline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cYDyMnL4M8	 Nandan Nilekani's ideas for India's future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4	 How great leaders inspire action | Simon Sinek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stngBN4hp14	 Annie Murphy Paul: What we learn before we're born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts5MKtXNpMQ	 Bruce Bueno de Mesquita predicts Iran's future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgxLl-jBAjY	 Paul Sereno: What can fossils teach us?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKe3QKcta-8	 Peter Tyack: The intriguing sound of marine mammals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxMvDpIeu9U	 Asher Hasan's message of peace from Pakistan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBWwREYWzbU	 Christopher Deam: Restyling the classic Airstream trail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHLgTUV0XWI	 Eve Ensler: Suddenly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruvWiXowiZ8	 Joshua Walters: On being just crazy enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJxSRo564Dc	 Yann Arthus-Bertrand captures fragile Earth in wide-angle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTxvic-NnAM	 Dave deBronkart: Meet e-Patient Dave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_GFq12w5WU	 Janine Benyus: Biomimicry in action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7t61U6BBcs	 Ben Kacyra: Ancient wonders captured in 3D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yioZhHe1i5M	 Tom Wujec demos the 13th-century astrolabe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5ZJ6bK1EIc	 Iain Hutchison: Saving faces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDkSDPgrtjs	 Edith Widder: The weird and wonderful world of bioluminescence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViZBwbzOcC8	 Miwa Matrayek's glorious visions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjECbQ1r-k0	 Phil Plait: How to defend Earth from asteroids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGksAjzI0go	 Geoff Mulgan: Post-crash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbIXYEW9CSQ	 Harsha Bhogle: The rise of cricket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJCTAXb_BWs	 Anupam Mishra: The ancient ingenuity of water harvesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vo01ldlTQc	 Nathan Myhrvold: Cut your food in half
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwU8eavPInw	 Rory Stewart: Time to end the war in Afghanistan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b98Iw_AeGQg	 Peter Haas: Haiti's disaster of engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IRv3TOjE1I	 Bart Weetjens: How I taught rats to sniff out land mines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw9s0ivfn3w	 Mitchell Joachim: Don't build your home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9LelXa3U_I	 Bring on the learning revolution! | Sir Ken Robinson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rN7VcY1f-1Q	 Nalini Nadkarni explores canopy worlds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HEXx3-P8kk	 Brian Skerry reveals ocean's glory -- and horror
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3n_EitPb7BU	 Evan Williams on what's behind Twitter's explosive growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8Ff1Xj_-eM	 Jonathan Drori: Why we're storing billions of seeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ht4qiDRZE8	 Massive-scale online collaboration | Luis von Ahn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaoSp4NpkGg	 Wireless data from every light bulb | Harald Haas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cj04JUBXe2E	 Daniel Kraft invents a better way to harvest bone marrow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAdwurHhv-I	 Hasan Elahi: FBI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxYFURQ7Ehw	 Bertrand Piccard's solar-powered adventure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka8L1YMR88U	 Kathryn Schulz: Don't regret regret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR-uWwvpn5c	 Yasheng Huang: Does democracy stifle economic growth?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww4kNxYE0c4	 Mike deGruy: Hooked by an octopus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfIpMJwRFk8	 Ray Zahab treks to the South Pole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrSvWuqLui8	 Eddi Reader sings "Kiteflyer's Hill"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHNP7KqLrW4	 Frederick Balagadde: Bio-lab on a microchip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAGFKYNrQgY	 Béatrice Coron: Stories cut from paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2WyXD7IaN0	 Harvey Fineberg: Are we ready for neo-evolution?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRWTyUVh0BQ	 Parag Khanna maps the future of countries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4lA-M3zbdU	 Yoav Medan: Ultrasound surgery -- healing without cuts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOCUH7TxHRI	 How we read each other's minds | Rebecca Saxe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BS-XUntiLg	 Nalini Nadkarni: Life science in prison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XleLQUcOVsc	 Eric Lewis plays chaos and harmony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiTrl0W1QrM	 Why nations should pursue "soft" power | Shashi Tharoor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=415VX3QX4cU	 Marcus du Sautoy: Symmetry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sktdq5z1N-4	 Mick Ebeling: The invention that unlocked a locked-in artist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFAdlU2ETjU	 Paul Zak: Trust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7u6N-cSWtY	 The genius puppetry behind War Horse | Handspring Puppet Company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvwQXwJyaj0	 Charity Tillemann-Dick: After a lung transplant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syqScVtnKuU	 Liz Coleman's call to reinvent liberal arts education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra-lxoAUP5c	 Tales of ice-bound wonderlands | Paul Nicklen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELgvDMTKyBE	 Julian Treasure: Shh! Sound health in 8 steps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hFk6FDrZBc	 Evgeny Morozov: How the Internet strengthens dictatorships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUdsTizSxSI	 Why we think it's OK to cheat and steal (sometimes) | Dan Ariely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjBwhwe5-cc	 Isabel Behncke: Evolution's gift of play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ_f3Fc0ZRA	 Gero Miesenboeck reengineers a brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHBGLHgIWJM	 Lisa Gansky: The future of business is the "mesh"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooAIIeo4AJQ	 Stephen Palumbi: Following the mercury trail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMahpWvAPWo	 A civil response to violence (with English subtitles) | Emiliano Salinas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU0ei9ApmsY	 Svante Pääbo: DNA clues to our inner neanderthal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgqtrlixYR4	 Let the environment guide our development | Johan Rockstrom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU15c9hnftE	 Susan Lim: Transplant cells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5QCM1_gVGA	 Thulasiraj Ravilla: How low-cost eye care can be world-class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6MC4iXhT6I	 Jonathan Klein: Photos that changed the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA-zdh_bQBo	 Barry Schwartz: Our loss of wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xossR6eHv3I	 Cheryl Hayashi: The magnificence of spider silk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmn7tjSNyAA	 How to grow fresh air | Kamal Meattle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18uDutylDa4	 Why we have too few women leaders | Sheryl Sandberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GEMkvT0DEk	 Marcin Jakubowski: Open-sourced blueprints for civilization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdxVbUja_pY	 Josette Sheeran: Ending hunger now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CijsvAGU6-c	 Carlo Ratti: Architecture that senses and responds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F73O3_im0Wo	 Michelle Obama's plea for education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsSd2nmoKNA	 Take "the Other" to lunch | Elizabeth Lesser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLQymiwTrW8	 The TED Fellows program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIckScLypGA	 In the Internet age
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s0CpRfyYp8	 Daniel Wolpert: The real reason for brains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOlk6HIVc	 Why we need the explorers | Brian Cox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyBk55G7Keo	 Caroline Casey: Looking past limits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OM6XIICm_qo	 Tim Berners-Lee: The next Web of open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mclzytQQMGI	 Gordon Brown on global ethic vs. national interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0cphH1jkQI	 Kirk Citron: And now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0Z7KeNCi7g	 Homeopathy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19Hj93IgbeQ	 Richard Pyle: Exploring the reef's Twilight Zone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT_XvLzNd0o	 Steve Keil: A manifesto for play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9bDZ5-zPtY	 Can we eat to starve cancer? | William Li
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAFcV7zuUDA	 How to tie your shoes | Terry Moore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62cNtvx6P8E	 Bill Davenhall: Your health depends on where you live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeOumyTMCI8	 The fight against sex slavery | Sunitha Krishnan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJxA8eIWQUc	 David Pogue: Cool new things you can do with your mobile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nE-k6_teXg4	 Sophie Hunger plays songs of secrets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFnGhrC_3Gs	 How I held my breath for 17 minutes | David Blaine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3B541KM3q4	 Al Gore: Alarming new slides of the worsening climate crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAQfzHBpRsc	 Mark Bezos: A life lesson from a volunteer firefighter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QZp6smeSQA	 Michael Pawlyn: Using nature's genius in architecture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcwBH_Uevxo	 Nathan Myhrvold: Could this laser zap malaria?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43DuLcBFxoY	 Sylvia Earle: How to protect the oceans (TED Prize winner!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGaj2VImQec	 Edward Tenner: Unintended consequences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E	 10 things you didn't know about orgasm | Mary Roach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LecJKz9o8w	 Ben Katchor's comics of bygone New York
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIICVeGW4RY	 Catherine Mohr: Surgery's past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWmJcR-x_hc	 Milton Glaser: How great design makes ideas new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7ui-iAp8Pc	 Kate Hartman: The art of wearable communication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fu_kBW_KSms	 Heather Knight: Silicon-based comedy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60OVlfAUPJg	 Conrad Wolfram: Teaching kids real math with computers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNOtiRB3uyk	 Kary Mullis: Celebrating the scientific experiment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlQEoJaLQRA	 The three ways that good design makes you happy | Don Norman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_XchYY3bnU	 R.A. Mashelkar: Breakthrough designs for ultra-low-cost products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLz9TvxGoKs	 The sound the universe makes | Janna Levin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlYJQ0psZYA	 Walk the earth ... my 17-year vow of silence | John Francis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GXlvP4kLHg	 Dennis vanEngelsdorp: Where have the bees gone?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhG1Bgbsj2w	 Eve Ensler: Embrace your inner girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpKWHSsBpnE	 Josh Silver demos adjustable liquid-filled eyeglasses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACohrH64YKs	 Péter Fankhauser: Meet Rezero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oa82WNk0mis	 Rachel Sussman: The world's oldest living things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XD2kNopsUs	 Why work doesn't happen at work | Jason Fried
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vfuCPFb8wk	 Willie Smits: How to restore a rainforest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnQcCgS7aPQ	 Chris Anderson: How YouTube is driving innovation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UROCz70tlMY	 Chip Conley: Measuring what makes life worthwhile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGEDHMF4rLI	 Margaret Wertheim: The beautiful math of coral (and crochet)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dySwrhMQdX4	 Martin Hanczyc: The line between life and not-life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jguSkEMwrcc	 Nick Veasey: Exposing the invisible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atn22-bmTPU	 Paula Scher: Great design is serious (not solemn)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGScU5ESei4	 Richard Sears: Planning for the end of oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_CSsL3it9Y	 Kiran Bedi: How I remade one of India's toughest prisons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWhLSORCwW0	 Omar Ahmad: Political change with pen and paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eR22lqzdIHU	 Steve Truglia: A leap from the edge of space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_4IK8CiLg8	 My 5 lives as an artist | Raghava KK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEg-ZNB3qyI	 Adam Savage: My obsession with objects and the stories they tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhMKmovNjvc	 Arthur Benjamin: Teach statistics before calculus!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G0MzlfMPuM	 Golan Levin makes art that looks back at you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaF-fq2Zn7I	 Innovating to zero! | Bill Gates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YekkGz1E2k	 Janet Echelman: Taking imagination seriously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVhWqwnZ1eM	 Hans Rosling: Let my dataset change your mindset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPA-rQyKeLY	 Tom Shannon: The painter and the pendulum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amSqQ5XNaGE	 Incredible high school musicians from Venezuela! | Gustavo Dudamel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYwvyjIDk80	 Jessi Arrington: Wearing nothing new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tEuaj4h8dw	 Aaron Huey: America's native prisoners of war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqqWw3xkMzA	 Fiorenzo Omenetto: Silk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9sa2ZAqHl0	 Robin Ince: Science versus wonder?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQdQhV1yjfc	 Aparna Rao: High-tech art (with a sense of humor)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvW4yugCPZo	 Paul Collier's new rules for rebuilding a broken nation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzKBGtf0i0M	 Thandie Newton: Embracing otherness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=folTvNDL08A	 David Deutsch: A new way to explain explanation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn_9f5x0f1Q	 The world needs all kinds of minds | Temple Grandin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MM-psvqiG8	 The difference between winning and succeeding | John Wooden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XnR-w682bw	 Yves Behar's supercharged motorcycle design
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pzd7ReqiQnE	 Different ways of knowing | Daniel Tammet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emW1TQ290ec	 Skylar Tibbits: Can we make things that make themselves?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p3-vl9VFYU	 Suzanne Lee: Grow your own clothes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D089t_F9yUU	 Shimon Schocken's rides of hope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTE0MRRXNzs	 Charles Limb: Building the musical muscle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57eeP31s-Rs	 Ursus Wehrli: Tidying up art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z41BTeAU7DI	 Michael Merzenich: Growing evidence of brain plasticity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwl012o8P7I	 One seed at a time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvYYYlgVAao	 Aaron O'Connell: Making sense of a visible quantum object
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyemG7V5ynQ	 Alan Siegel: Let's simplify legal jargon!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OMLSs8t1ng	 The danger of science denial | Michael Specter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKyljukBE70	 Conception to birth -- visualized | Alexander Tsiaras
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQGYr9bnktw	 The tribes we lead | Seth Godin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOiKRVH0nQ8	 Jay Bradner: Open-source cancer research
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxr2GRJ6tjc	 Nicholas Negroponte takes OLPC to Colombia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlrB6npbwVQ	 Dale Dougherty: We are makers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfM7t_oqNDw	 Stefan Wolff: The path to ending ethnic conflicts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkPI-Y2Vg5k	 Nate Silver: How does race affect votes?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTznEIZRkLg	 Hans Rosling: Global population growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M3Dow20KlM	 AnnMarie Thomas: Hands-on science with squishy circuits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7shXEFuxHAA	 Stefon Harris: There are no mistakes on the bandstand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-jk9ni4XWk	 Dan Buettner: How to live to be 100+
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LguEk06Wb-U	 Saul Griffith: High-altitude wind energy from kites!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cqj0sgrNL10	 Jessica Jackley: Poverty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcoJt2KLC9k	 Shai Agassi: A new ecosystem for electric cars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0v7mTvJ8M4	 Onyx Ashanti: This is beatjazz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8ofWFx525s	 Beware online "filter bubbles" | Eli Pariser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuCtZJGcEMU	 Greg Stone: Saving the ocean one island at a time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-iGZPtWXzE	 Are we born to run? | Christopher McDougall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsgvhP07BC8	 Mosquitos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3uttHEZnTY	 Claron McFadden: Singing the primal mystery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ei5oOEoGlIM	 Paul Moller: Take a ride in the Skycar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKbet4RdSo4	 Stacey Kramer: The best gift I ever survived
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjW-v0IPT_M	 David Hanson: Robots that "show emotion"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1GqNN2Xe7g	 Eric Giler demos wireless electricity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9g3Q-qvtss	 Itay Talgam: Lead like the great conductors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCPzji_-2Oo	 Blaise Aguera y Arcas demos augmented-reality maps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVfmUfr8VPA	 Bonnie Bassler: The secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqnJFm1C-3c	 Jamil Abu-Wardeh: The Axis of Evil Middle East Comedy Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-85KAYKOT4	 Lisa Margonelli: The political chemistry of oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W2dsnhC18Q	 Nancy Etcoff: Happiness and its surprises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZsp_EdO2Xk	 Tim Jackson: An economic reality check
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OF2N6a3t6uY	 Sarah Kaminsky: My father the forger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgOTaXhbqPQ	 What hallucination reveals about our minds | Oliver Sacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLHh9E5ilZ4	 When ideas have sex | Matt Ridley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTZM9X3JfTk	 Eric Topol: The wireless future of medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vW99KFD-Bk8	 Romulus Whitaker: The real danger lurking in the water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzNLfw5lS4A	 Patrick Chappatte: The power of cartoons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnAVjkuQz-Y	 Brian Cox: What went wrong at the Large Hadron Collider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRETz2F-heQ	 Christien Meindertsma: How pig parts make the world turn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUAepQYyMY4	 Shaffi Mather: A new way to fight corruption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNcLKbJs3xk	 The next species of human | Juan Enriquez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQJC2MMB8nA	 Bruce Schneier: The security mirage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRVdiHu1VCc	 Learning from dirty jobs | Mike Rowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DL0_gcP15Ts	 Kevin Stone: The bio-future of joint replacement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V48M5j-6zdE	 Cynthia Kenyon: Experiments that hint of longer lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12OAr0lt4bk	 Rufus Griscom and Alisa Volkman: It's time to explode 4 taboos of parenting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8re1U9rCo4	 Andrea Ghez: The hunt for a supermassive black hole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snHS-UcG--E	 Anna Mracek Dietrich: A plane you can drive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8bsCiq6hvM	 Richard Resnick: Welcome to the genomic revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNJlhtNpuiU	 Naturally 7 beatbox a whole band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXPJVwwEmiM	 Ethan Zuckerman: How to listen to global voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_6-iVz1R0o	 The pattern behind self-deception | Michael Shermer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoGJP02CtPA	 Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy: Inside a school for suicide bombers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXepkIWPhFQ	 Michael Pritchard: How to make filthy water drinkable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4sSabKqyMU	 Nadia Al-Sakkaf: See Yemen through my eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1pr683SYFk	 Military robots and the future of war | P.W. Singer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLqjQ55tz-U	 The beauty of data visualization | David McCandless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE4ce4mexrU	 Deb Roy: The birth of a word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdpIKXLLYYM	 How to make work-life balance work | Nigel Marsh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZ8eyWBQmfU	 Marco Tempest: The augmented reality of techno-magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HALd9FY5-VQ	 Lewis Pugh swims the North Pole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0uG8YF_NiM	 Jackson Browne: "If I Could Be Anywhere"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zq7QPnqLoUk	 Elif Shafak: The politics of fiction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrkrvAUbU9Y	 The puzzle of motivation | Dan Pink
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2OQxHNVLNY	 Dennis Hong: Making a car for blind drivers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZni9Kx9Jfw	 Kartick Satyanarayan: How we rescued the "dancing" bears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mLeSPk3ddE	 Katherine Fulton: You are the future of philanthropy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2sT9KoII_M	 Fly with the Jetman | Yves Rossy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPFA8n7goio	 3 ways the brain creates meaning | Tom Wujec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-D-zEToJQ4	 Demo: Stunning data visualization in the AlloSphere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROgFmb3oTLo	 Shereen El Feki: Pop culture in the Arab world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_NEIwDiCSw	 Marc Pachter: The art of the interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvZZU_WapH8	 TEDActive: What the world needs now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDS-ieLCmS4	 Barry Schwartz: Using our practical wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTR4sAD_4qM	 Chade-Meng Tan: Everyday compassion at Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=td1PbsV6B80	 A call to men | Tony Porter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZeVtfQ7bpI	 David Holt: The stories and song of Appalachia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GBrJiSMFu0	 Natalie Jeremijenko: Let's teach fish to text! and other outlandish ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Y2sj_G4Njg	 Kiran Bir Sethi teaches kids to take charge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xJXZBCOWMY	 Barry Schuler: An introduction to genomics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7K-nq0xkWY	 Captain Charles Moore on the seas of plastic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUIfiLplNqQ	 Ed Ulbrich: How Benjamin Button got his face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbhNaj88uL4	 Nathalie Miebach: Art made of storms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImQrUjlyHUg	 Mark Pagel: How language transformed humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Z-vyLHi2us	 Our natural sleep cycle | Jessa Gamble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5vZHuAtDZA	 Krista Tippett: Reconnecting with compassion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMYVH-hBGWg	 Ray Kurzweil: A university for the coming singularity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBJQENjZJaA	 Sendhil Mullainathan: Solving social problems with a nudge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YcZ3Zqk0a8	 Tim Berners-Lee: The year open data went worldwide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RD0OZCyJCk	 Joseph Pine: What consumers want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7CtKDNf2RI	 Ellen Gustafson: Obesity + hunger = 1 global food issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtSE4rglxbY	 A kinder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSCsNcqY1mk	 Kevin Surace invents eco-friendly drywall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNDWYW4yWEM	 Charles Anderson discovers dragonflies that cross oceans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaY_6muHSSI	 Finding planets around other stars | Lucianne Walkowicz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64-bHvDcgQQ	 Felix Dennis' odes to vice and consequences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO1Me-MY-Q0	 Misha Glenny investigates global crime networks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE	 How to spot a liar | Pamela Meyer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRxgDMSp9Gs	 David Agus: A new strategy in the war against cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJttdkKo4nM	 Kary Mullis' next-gen cure for killer infection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6M54p8VQFA	 Mother and daughter doctor-heroes: Hawa Abdi + Deqo Mohamed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYRqN1F_DxI	 Richard Preston: Climbing the world's biggest trees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izddjAp_N4I	 David Bismark: E-voting without fraud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UK8ccWSZkic	 Debate: Does the world need nuclear energy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlj9aPKB9m0	 Natasha Tsakos' multimedia theatrical adventure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeJhVtJKJU8	 Rob Harmon: How the market can keep streams flowing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiIxdFBA0Sw	 Emily Pilloton: Teaching design for change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IgOVOPLTYI	 Sam Richards: A radical experiment in empathy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emn28FrJ6CI	 Sean Gourley on the mathematics of war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6YTQJVzwlI	 Pointing to the future of UI | John Underkoffler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSn6GP0UhKM	 Isaac Mizrahi: Fashion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKmuMQT5E6Y	 Rogier van der Heide: Why light needs darkness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMXFiYhm79g	 Damon Horowitz: Philosophy in prison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZR4LdnFGzPk	 Johanna Blakley: Social media and the end of gender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_San-YZDT4	 Nina Tandon: Caring for engineered tissue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PAy1zBtTbw	 Use art to turn the world inside out | JR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59-Rn1_kWAA	 Alice Dreger: Is anatomy destiny?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYwAMccbhYs	 Julia Bacha: Pay attention to nonviolence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpROaNue9GM	 Shea Hembrey: How I became 100 artists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXMJobWlXks	 Magnus Larsson: Turning dunes into architecture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlyorcJ28UA	 Rachel Pike: The science behind a climate headline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cYDyMnL4M8	 Nandan Nilekani's ideas for India's future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4	 How great leaders inspire action | Simon Sinek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stngBN4hp14	 Annie Murphy Paul: What we learn before we're born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fddYApFEWfY	 Dianna Cohen: Tough truths about plastic pollution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tUn_uoYKoE	 Mustafa Akyol: Faith versus tradition in Islam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2od4mp91q9w	 Joe DeRisi: Hunting the next killer virus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKe3QKcta-8	 Peter Tyack: The intriguing sound of marine mammals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBWwREYWzbU	 Christopher Deam: Restyling the classic Airstream trail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruvWiXowiZ8	 Joshua Walters: On being just crazy enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64fDIZiV-SM	 Shake up your story | Raghava KK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHuH8P_Vqc0	 Jacek Utko: Can design save the newspaper?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTxvic-NnAM	 Dave deBronkart: Meet e-Patient Dave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-bjOJzB7LY	 What adults can learn from kids | Adora Svitak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FV8n_E_6Tpc	 Make love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yioZhHe1i5M	 Tom Wujec demos the 13th-century astrolabe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crjU5hu2fag	 William Kamkwamba: How I harnessed the wind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4v4XxlfVk3o	 Aaron Koblin: Artfully visualizing our humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5ZJ6bK1EIc	 Iain Hutchison: Saving faces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDkSDPgrtjs	 Edith Widder: The weird and wonderful world of bioluminescence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ELnyoso6vI	 David Cameron: The next age of government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw9NXY3xOOI	 Amit Sood: Building a museum of museums on the web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsuB-6-n-MM	 Justin Hall-Tipping: Freeing energy from the grid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjECbQ1r-k0	 Phil Plait: How to defend Earth from asteroids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA	 Your elusive creative genius | Elizabeth Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbIXYEW9CSQ	 Harsha Bhogle: The rise of cricket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJCTAXb_BWs	 Anupam Mishra: The ancient ingenuity of water harvesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Knz100ldLM	 Dave Meslin: The antidote to apathy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vo01ldlTQc	 Nathan Myhrvold: Cut your food in half
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b98Iw_AeGQg	 Peter Haas: Haiti's disaster of engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwU8eavPInw	 Rory Stewart: Time to end the war in Afghanistan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScJVrV6bk1g	 Making art of New York's urban ruins | Miru Kim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw9s0ivfn3w	 Mitchell Joachim: Don't build your home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkS-u32xfGc	 Marian Bantjes: Intricate beauty by design
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAdwurHhv-I	 Hasan Elahi: FBI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka8L1YMR88U	 Kathryn Schulz: Don't regret regret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxYFURQ7Ehw	 Bertrand Piccard's solar-powered adventure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6GimGZz6a8	 Marcel Dicke: Why not eat insects?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAGFKYNrQgY	 Béatrice Coron: Stories cut from paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qRtDnsnSwk	 Hans Rosling on HIV: New facts and stunning data visuals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7sKMj85hDw	 Why I'm a weekday vegetarian | Graham Hill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XleLQUcOVsc	 Eric Lewis plays chaos and harmony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QVXdEOiCw8	 Building a dinosaur from a chicken | Jack Horner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=415VX3QX4cU	 Marcus du Sautoy: Symmetry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sktdq5z1N-4	 Mick Ebeling: The invention that unlocked a locked-in artist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9tB6Q5bmcQ	 Mitchell Besser: Mothers helping mothers fight HIV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra-lxoAUP5c	 Tales of ice-bound wonderlands | Paul Nicklen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lYN_lXU9PA	 Earth's mass extinctions | Peter Ward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hFk6FDrZBc	 Evgeny Morozov: How the Internet strengthens dictatorships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgNx9Bgac1I	 Richard St. John: "Success is a continuous journey"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ0iMulicgg	 It's not fair having 12 pairs of legs | Aimee Mullins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUdsTizSxSI	 Why we think it's OK to cheat and steal (sometimes) | Dan Ariely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2V0vOFexY4	 Exploring the mind of a killer | Jim Fallon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooAIIeo4AJQ	 Stephen Palumbi: Following the mercury trail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NL0uxDscjdo	 How cults rewire the brain | Diane Benscoter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoXAAEy6YQU	 Elizabeth Pisani: Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgqtrlixYR4	 Let the environment guide our development | Johan Rockstrom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI0_fSD6GPY	 Guy-Philippe Goldstein: How cyberattacks threaten real-world peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGjxI_5MPUY	 Thelma Golden: How art gives shape to cultural change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5QCM1_gVGA	 Thulasiraj Ravilla: How low-cost eye care can be world-class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA-zdh_bQBo	 Barry Schwartz: Our loss of wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmn7tjSNyAA	 How to grow fresh air | Kamal Meattle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwjLQgNd7XM	 Dyan deNapoli: The great penguin rescue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6MhV5Rn63M	 Jennifer 8. Lee: Who was General Tso? and other mysteries of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBHIT9yEPh4	 Erik Hersman: How texting helped Kenyans survive crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsSd2nmoKNA	 Take "the Other" to lunch | Elizabeth Lesser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPhuj-W8kyE	 Jamais Cascio: Tools for building a better world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWvJxasiSZ8	 Wael Ghonim: Inside the Egyptian revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOlk6HIVc	 Why we need the explorers | Brian Cox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyBk55G7Keo	 Caroline Casey: Looking past limits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FD6CqD1kV8s	 Jody Williams: A realistic vision for world peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_XAMm_TBJk	 Benjamin Wallace: The price of happiness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mclzytQQMGI	 Gordon Brown on global ethic vs. national interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0cphH1jkQI	 Kirk Citron: And now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGfhahVBIQw	 David Brooks: The social animal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT_XvLzNd0o	 Steve Keil: A manifesto for play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19KkFCQz8WQ	 Bruce Aylward: How we'll stop polio for good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9bDZ5-zPtY	 Can we eat to starve cancer? | William Li
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RMx31GnNXY	 Printing a human kidney | Anthony Atala
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62cNtvx6P8E	 Bill Davenhall: Your health depends on where you live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFnGhrC_3Gs	 How I held my breath for 17 minutes | David Blaine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unNRCSj0igI	 Lee Cronin: Making matter come alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjwUn-aA0VY	 Tim Brown: Tales of creativity and play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43DuLcBFxoY	 Sylvia Earle: How to protect the oceans (TED Prize winner!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzN-uIVkfjg	 Dan Dennett: Cute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWmJcR-x_hc	 Milton Glaser: How great design makes ideas new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7ui-iAp8Pc	 Kate Hartman: The art of wearable communication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNOtiRB3uyk	 Kary Mullis: Celebrating the scientific experiment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60OVlfAUPJg	 Conrad Wolfram: Teaching kids real math with computers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSidnKdH5_4	 Ken Kamler: Medical miracle on Everest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkiXXP_hycA	 Peter Eigen: How to expose the corrupt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPgQsv2KPwc	 Alexis Ohanian: How to make a splash in social media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_XchYY3bnU	 R.A. Mashelkar: Breakthrough designs for ultra-low-cost products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLz9TvxGoKs	 The sound the universe makes | Janna Levin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlYJQ0psZYA	 Walk the earth ... my 17-year vow of silence | John Francis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXDJ-nAykKE	 Jonathan Drori: Every pollen grain has a story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XD2kNopsUs	 Why work doesn't happen at work | Jason Fried
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vfuCPFb8wk	 Willie Smits: How to restore a rainforest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFW0TEFKCxk	 Angela Belcher: Using nature to grow batteries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnQcCgS7aPQ	 Chris Anderson: How YouTube is driving innovation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90AU6D8qEhc	 Paul Debevec animates a photo-real digital face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrAo8oBBFIo	 Gary Wolf: The quantified self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGEDHMF4rLI	 Margaret Wertheim: The beautiful math of coral (and crochet)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dySwrhMQdX4	 Martin Hanczyc: The line between life and not-life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jguSkEMwrcc	 Nick Veasey: Exposing the invisible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo4HiVetBd0	 Philip Zimbardo: The psychology of time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWhLSORCwW0	 Omar Ahmad: Political change with pen and paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vygS-FKXms4	 Jok Church: A circle of caring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFDoCLf96Kg	 Rebecca MacKinnon: Let's take back the Internet!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nncPtxLCPrE	 Seth Berkley: HIV and flu -- the vaccine strategy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQDQ9rUx-6g	 Jay Walker: A library of human imagination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUd8XA-5HEk	 Laurie Santos: How monkeys mirror human irrationality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaF-fq2Zn7I	 Innovating to zero! | Bill Gates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZhL7P7w3as	 Naomi Klein: Addicted to risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18uDutylDa4	 Why we have too few women leaders | Sheryl Sandberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7B39MLVeIc	 Jane Poynter: Life in Biosphere 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPA-rQyKeLY	 Tom Shannon: The painter and the pendulum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYwvyjIDk80	 Jessi Arrington: Wearing nothing new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSohjlYQI2A	 5 ways to listen better | Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqqWw3xkMzA	 Fiorenzo Omenetto: Silk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZ-VjUKAsao	 Unveiling game-changing wearable tech | Pattie Maes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2J6YOiLNr4	 Carne Ross: An independent diplomat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAq4yBdSYZs	 Niels Diffrient: Rethinking the way we sit down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=folTvNDL08A	 David Deutsch: A new way to explain explanation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlty0OPcU6k	 Gary Lauder's new traffic sign: Take Turns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOSPNVunyFQ	 Nina Jablonski breaks the illusion of skin color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MM-psvqiG8	 The difference between winning and succeeding | John Wooden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_K095wuE_eE	 Naif Al-Mutawa: Superheroes inspired by Islam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH4TZteceas	 Daniel Kraft: Medicine's future? There's an app for that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwl012o8P7I	 One seed at a time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OMLSs8t1ng	 The danger of science denial | Michael Specter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyemG7V5ynQ	 Alan Siegel: Let's simplify legal jargon!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4	 Why we make bad decisions | Dan Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip2-Qa50uBI	 Alex Tabarrok on how ideas trump crises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQGYr9bnktw	 The tribes we lead | Seth Godin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOiKRVH0nQ8	 Jay Bradner: Open-source cancer research
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfM7t_oqNDw	 Stefan Wolff: The path to ending ethnic conflicts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTznEIZRkLg	 Hans Rosling: Global population growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyPGDBOqPFs	 Sophal Ear: Escaping the Khmer Rouge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Waurx8e-1o	 Leonard Susskind: My friend Richard Feynman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cqj0sgrNL10	 Jessica Jackley: Poverty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDcaoTVy4fA	 Juliana Machado Ferreira: The fight to end rare-animal trafficking in Brazil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_p-Ex5KR4g	 Lalitesh Katragadda: Making maps to fight disaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx3GuO41Jyg	 Cameron Herold: Let's raise kids to be entrepreneurs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0_VSkoZvaE	 John Delaney: Wiring an interactive ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsgvhP07BC8	 Mosquitos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auSFX0o3uFU	 Hans Rosling's answers to the TED and Reddit community interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnfBXjWm7hc	 Try something new for 30 days | Matt Cutts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy4yby7ZAd0	 JD Schramm: Break the silence for suicide survivors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKbet4RdSo4	 Stacey Kramer: The best gift I ever survived
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjW-v0IPT_M	 David Hanson: Robots that "show emotion"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV_N_eFTaso	 C.K. Williams: Poetry for all seasons of life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uintr2QX-TU	 The El Sistema music revolution | José Antonio Abreu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCPzji_-2Oo	 Blaise Aguera y Arcas demos augmented-reality maps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mPpe8AL21A	 Cynthia Schneider: The surprising spread of "Idol" TV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqbM1ZrpTQg	 Deborah Rhodes: A tool that finds 3x more breast tumors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqnJFm1C-3c	 Jamil Abu-Wardeh: The Axis of Evil Middle East Comedy Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZsp_EdO2Xk	 Tim Jackson: An economic reality check
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0snNB1yS3IE	 If I should have a daughter ... | Sarah Kay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTZM9X3JfTk	 Eric Topol: The wireless future of medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vW99KFD-Bk8	 Romulus Whitaker: The real danger lurking in the water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1KJAXM3xYA	 Amber Case: We are all cyborgs now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzNLfw5lS4A	 Patrick Chappatte: The power of cartoons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRETz2F-heQ	 Christien Meindertsma: How pig parts make the world turn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUAepQYyMY4	 Shaffi Mather: A new way to fight corruption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ul2TSvUDog	 Enric Sala: Glimpses of a pristine ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V48M5j-6zdE	 Cynthia Kenyon: Experiments that hint of longer lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNXOVpN8Wgg	 Roger Ebert: Remaking my voice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8re1U9rCo4	 Andrea Ghez: The hunt for a supermassive black hole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snHS-UcG--E	 Anna Mracek Dietrich: A plane you can drive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EszGIvRdgTE	 Jill Tarter: Why the search for alien intelligence matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNJlhtNpuiU	 Naturally 7 beatbox a whole band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8bsCiq6hvM	 Richard Resnick: Welcome to the genomic revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXPJVwwEmiM	 Ethan Zuckerman: How to listen to global voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXYckRgsdjI	 Scott McCloud: Understanding comics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ew0bn8mGAA	 George Whitesides: A lab the size of a postage stamp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPE2_iCCo0w	 Smash fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoGJP02CtPA	 Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy: Inside a school for suicide bombers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPicL1AWrs8	 Paul Bloom: The origins of pleasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4sSabKqyMU	 Nadia Al-Sakkaf: See Yemen through my eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mQJYte4T2Q	 Renny Gleeson: Busted! The sneaky moves of antisocial smartphone users